- I spent two and a half million dollars
on this private jet
and had 11 YouTubers
put their hands on it.
Whoever keeps their hand on the longest
wins the private jet,
but if at any point they
take their hand off,
they're eliminated.
The challenge has officially started.
The rules are simple.
You can't push someone,
and yeah, that's it.
- I've got nothing on the schedule.
I can stay here forever.
- I am willing to do anything,
including crap my own pants.
- I heard there was gonna be a lot
of loud and obnoxious
people on this shoot.
- Get off.
- No joke,
the winner of this challenge
is getting a private jet.
So of course the old tried
to find the best spot
- I'm in the best spot, the
lowest spot on the plane.
- I think I've actually got the best spot
of everyone right now.
- The jet is actually way
bigger than I thought.
Oh. Oh.
- They're making their way on
the other side of the wing-
- How am I gonna do this?
- Just slide your hand.
- Oh. Jimmy!
- So how comfortable is this position?
I almost just went like,
with my right hand.
- Oh.
- Oh my god.
- George, if you weren't
grabbing something,
I think you might have let go.
- No, I'm locked in. Don't worry.
- Yeah. What's your strategy
for winning this thing?
- I have a lot of perseverance
in my spirit, but I
I gotta be honest, Speed...
Speed is making it difficult.
- Dude, the wheels are pretty comfortable.
- I'm, yeah, you were not.
We're both logical, logical people.
- Exactly.
- I'm rested...
Oh no.
I think we might have
just got someone out.
- Oh my gosh, Vik's out.
- Did Vik just lose?
- Vik, are you out?
- He really lifted his
hand right in front of him.
- I thought this was a logical spot.
- You guys tell me what you think.
See Vik's hand right there?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- This 2.5 million jet isn't yours.
- They'll pick me up when they win.
- Goodbye, Vik.
- Vik, you got out, but who's out next?
- I think Chunkz.
- Yeah, he looks like
he's petering out there.
- I think Chunkz is ready to go home.
- Chunkz, buddy.
Word on the street is you wanna leave.
- Potentially.
- Would you get out if I
gave you my debit card?
- What, and it works?
- Yeah, of course.
- No, I swear to god, now I'm tempted.
- Oh, think of the video!
- How much can I spend?
- It'll probably stop
after ten grand, so you-
After ten grand?
- Yeah.
Oh my God!
- Here you go.
I didn't!
Shut up! I did not do it!
- Speed's gone! Speed's gone!
- I'll let you be the judge of it.
I'm gonna go forward.
- Where's the date? Where's the date?
- Bro, that's you. Five seconds ago.
So your hand comes in
the frame to high five,
and he just lifts his hand-
- Chunkz just made 10 grand,
and made Speed leave for nothing.
- I'm so disappointed.
- That is crazy.
- Oh no.
- Back to back out.
What are you looking at?
And this guy keeps following me, man.
- Bye, Speed!
- We're getting emoted on.
- Three people have been eliminated,
so I'm gonna make things harder.
Conveniently, we rented
this entire airport,
so we're gonna go for a walk.
Karl.
- Yes.
- I need you not to drive too fast.
If you get them all out now,
my video's two minutes long.
- Hey, MrBeast Shortz.
- Oh my God. Are they
about to pull the jet?
- Okay, the plane is moving.
We're moving. We're moving.
- Get comfortable, because
got a long way to go.
- No one's gonna believe
me when I told them
what we're doing.
- It's not like a private airport,
this is a commercial. I don't
understand how he's done this.
- I'm just so happy we're walking.
- Is that fast enough?
- It's a plane, mate.
- If I lose cause I'm
challenged, fair enough.
If I pull a Vik I'm fuming.
- I think my hand's slowly going numb.
- I can't believe we're actually competing
for a private jet.
- My feet are hurting.
There's a big old warehouse over there.
- Here's our next destination.
Coming up in front.
After two hours in the challenge,
the boys needed a bathroom break.
You wanna test our peeing method?
- How are we ?
- I'll be right back.
Let me introduce you guys to
the good old bucket method.
Hey, keep that hand on.
If this hand comes off, he loses.
I don't care if he's peeing.
- My...
is out now, by the way.
So don't come around, bro.
I deserve my privacy.
I missed the bucket.
I'm so sorry.
- We don't fake things around here.
Yeah, I just need a good
clean camera shot of his hand.
And throughout this entire challenge,
we have an army of people
staring at their hands.
We'll know if they come off the jet.
- My hand's got a private
jet listening to a man pee.
- Lazar. Can you come on
up to the front over here?
- Ah, how?
- I don't know. Figure it out.
- Guys. Guys, guys.
I'll give you all a ride on
my jet if you let me under.
- Since you have the most subscribers,
you pick the order we go in the jet.
- We're going in reverse order.
- No.
- It's gonna be brutal.
- I'm on the carpet.
Is it that funny, Terry?
- It's hilarious. He's
literally crawling up here.
- Please let me under. Let me under.
- I'm sorry. We're getting serious now.
- Wow.
- Might be a bit sticky though.
- Oh.
- Ooh!
- Why's your hand like that?
- What are you doing?
- It's working. Guys, please, please.
- Sorry man.
- How can I get through?
- Sorry man. You guys, don't push him off.
It's literally down to fingertips there.
- No, shut up.
- Oh, this is awful. This is awful.
- This is nice.
- Yeah.
- I could see my...
I mean, my friend flying
up in the sky in this.
- Whoever wins this jet has
to give it to someone else.
'Cause obviously these guys are YouTubers.
They don't need a private jet.
- It could be you if you
subscribe to my channel.
- If he wins.
- I'm on.
- Yeah.
- So what do you think of the jet, boys?
Solid.
- There's eight seats and eight
of you, but for us to fly,
I need to sit here, so I kind
of need someone to get out.
- Oh.
- Oh!
- Just let me know whatever
one of you wants to get out.
- All right, Jimmy!
- I left them alone in the jet for hours,
and no one got out, so I made
them do laps around the plane.
- You start going...
- Oh, what? I'm gonna
go like under the plane.
- I'm coming over here.
- Someone has to get
out. In case you forgot,
this jet is literally two
and a half million dollars.
These boys got a lot on the line.
- My hand goes off this, I'm done.
- Don't worry, man.
You're just winging it.
- Never speak to me again, please.
- I'm not getting back on that
plane until someone's lost.
- You need to entice
these guys to leave, man.
- Why? I don't need to.
When you're sleepy, it's game over.
- It's Will. I'm telling you.
Will is the one to go for.
He's cracking.
- 20K. I'll go.
- I heard some deals are happening.
What's going on?
They've offered me 20 K from the winner,
if I take my hand off now.
- The winner wins a jet. Not money.
- Are you fine with us making that deal?
- Yeah, if you guys pay him 20 grand.
- Yeah.
- Oh!
- All right, thank you for...
Oh my god. That hand's sweaty.
Now that Will is out,
that means we can fly the jet around.
Everyone, get in the jet.
This is nice.
- The inside, the only thing in play
is the exterior.
The chairs and stuff
like that do not count.
- I'm gonna be honest. I think I'm out.
- What'd you do?
- The chair.
- Oh, that's honest of you though.
- Ready?
No, it's got a good angle.
- Definitely not on the wood.
- At least he was honest,
he ratted on himself.
- Thank you, Jimmy.
- No problem. A bit sweaty.
- I know, it hasn't come off the jet.
- Let's see this bad boy in the air.
Good evening, gentlemen.
Be on our way fairly shortly.
- On our way where, can I ask?
- Yeah, just, just lay back.
- I'll chill out. I'll chill.
- I really hope you guys didn't, you know,
when you had your hands
on the outside the plane,
mess anything up.
- What you mean?
- Oh, come on.
- I don't know. I'm just saying.
- If this plane crashes,
do I get to keep all of their channels?
- Always says the wildest stuff before we-
- That did not sound good.
- This is it.
- There she goes.
- In case you're
wondering, this jet works.
- Harry's face kills me.
- It feels wrong.
It feels like a tin can.
Anything could hit us out the sky.
- Boys. What way are we going?
- There's a lot of lights that way.
So that could be London.
So we could be going...
I've got nothing.
- It's just so funny seeing the wing
you guys were just slapping...
- Speed was-
- Oh! Oh!
- We've just got on the flight
and his hand's come off.
And the best part is,
he has to fly to the next destination
and back with us out after he's out.
After over an hour in the air,
I still didn't tell them
where we were going.
We may or may not be landing soon.
Where do you think we are?
- I have no idea.
- Dublin.
- Liverpool.
- Milan.
- Look for the Eiffel Tower.
- Ireland.
- Scotland.
- I reckon
it's Southend Airport. I
reckon we just did a lap.
- Where are we?
- Where you think about Beast?
- Oh, whoa.
- Whoa.
- That's the hangar.
We just did a lap.
- That's right.
I just told the pilot
to fly around in circles
for a couple hours.
Oh, thank god.
- Congratulations, you got pranked.
We went in a circle.
Boys, come on out. This is
where the real fun begins.
Everyone's tired. They're freezing.
The challenge is gonna get interesting.
- In the hangar we go. Again.
- It's time to feed the contestants.
I bought things like steak and spaghetti
that are really hard to eat with one hand.
- Oh, is that spaghetti?
- A wooden fork? For a steak.
- After dinner,
I have a special surprise for all of you.
See you in a bit.
- Special surprise?
Imagine he says someone's out.
"I hope you enjoyed that meal."
We're down to the final five.
It's time we get serious.
I need you guys to pair
up into groups of two.
I'm saying no more.
- Oh, there's only five of us.
- Brother. Yes?
- Me and you both.
Me and you. Come on, we've got this.
- I'm alone. I've been ditched.
- Karl, you know what to do.
- Left hands
Put 'em together.
- Oh, what is this?
- I feel like I might have
gotten away with something,
but I don't know what's coming.
Is something happening bad to me?
- Come here, George.
- I don't know if this is even fair.
They can move their arm.
I can't move my arm.
Oh George. No George.
- I'll just sit here.
- If Lazar wins, a nine
year old kid gets the jet.
If Niko wins, his editor gets the jet.
- When I was five, I was really ill.
I had leukemia, so I'm gonna find someone,
and try and give them the
start that I didn't have
after that.
- Wow.
- Yeah, I was trying to change-
- So you'll find someone
who recovers from leukemia,
give them a jet?
- Yeah.
I'm gonna try my best.
- I would find someone who's
willing to sell the jet,
and then donate all that
money to a children's charity.
- Really?
- No.
- We are bonded forever after this.
Is this all right?
- Me and Mr. Lazar have
found the best position.
- I met you 24 hours ago. Now look at us.
- Lean your head on my
chest, turn to the side,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Aw, man.
- There you go.
- How's it going on down there?
- Our little .
- This is literally the biggest
prize I've ever given away,
and they're starting to get
a little too comfortable.
I banned the wings to make it harder,
but it doesn't seem like that's working.
They have 60 seconds to stand up.
- I think I know what's
coming and it's not good.
- Okay, everyone is standing again.
- Yes. Let's go with the routine.
- Since nobody was getting out,
I'm gonna bring out the red tape.
I decided to give them
even less room on the jet.
If you touch the red line, or go below it,
you are out, starting now.
We're in this together.
Let's see how badly they want this jet.
- You allowed to do that?
- What?
- Hold your hand.
- Why not?
- No wonder you haven't moved.
You've been holding it in place.
- We've been doing this
for like an hour now,
and everyone is still
kind of going strong.
I guess Harry's looking a bit wobbly.
- It's 5:00 AM I think I'm
more tired than they are.
- We have a proposition.
I'm gonna coin flip this
young gentleman over here.
Whoever loses takes
their hand off the jet.
- Heads, you stay on, tails you stay on,
a $2.5 million jet on the line.
- Oh my God.
- Oh hell, watch out.
Oh!
- Get off the jet.
- It's on heads.
- Get off the jet!
- Is he a man of his word?
- Oh!
- How does it feel to be free?
- It's very not...
But I miss him, man. I miss my boy.
- I believe in you.
Harry. Hold that hand up.
See you later.
- Little bit.
- See ya, boys. I'm going to bed.
- I wish I could.
To celebrate Callux getting out,
I say we make it harder.
Everyone pick a finger.
- This beauty here.
- As of now, that is, is all that matters.
- I'm gonna go with the pointer.
- Okay. Pointer as well.
Everyone's pointer finger.
From now on, that is the
only finger that matters,
till you guys start dropping.
- I'm not good.
- It's so difficult now.
- This is painful. I'm only 10 seconds in.
- I have the benefit of
this other hand there.
- We need to get our tape
off to be fair with Harry.
- Give it like 30 minutes and
I'll cut all the tape off.
- Can I coin flip it?
Take my tape off if I get heads?
- If you'll leave. Sure.
- Let's flip the coin. Heads, take it off.
I'm doing this for you, Niko.
- Tails. That means he's out.
- I didn't have a chance
unless we took this tape off.
Oh, I'm sorry Niko. You've
gotta take it home, buddy.
It's for Niko.
- It's for Niko.
- Oh my God.
- Take it home, buddy.
- I'll let you pick.
Do we make George wait the 30 minutes,
or do I cut him out now?
- I wanna see a fair ending.
Take it off. Take it off.
- Okay, I appreciate that.
- I wanna see a of willpower.
- Good luck.
Keep your finger on the jet.
- This is what I needed for me to win.
- It's gonna be so
disrespectful when you lose.
- If you win.
Who is getting this jet?
- I think it's just
gonna have to be my mom.
I've got no one else.
- I really want to give
it to my editor, George.
- We should call your editor.
George. What's up man?
- Oh my gosh.
- Now, Niko is saying that if he wins,
he's giving this jet to you.
Do you have any words of
encouragement for Niko?
- Encouragement is you've gone this far.
You can go the extra mile.
- Thank you, George. Thank you.
- I'm gonna split it between
my brother and my sister.
- Oh really?
- I grew up with them, man,
so I wanna try and give
them something special.
The sun's coming through out there.
I'm seeing daylight.
That's the only way we can
actually tell the time.
This is very tough.
- My arm is dying.
- You ready to make this a little harder?
I need you to face that direction.
Oh look, I've done it.
- Yeah yeah. There you go.
- I'm like losing...
- Oh, I should just gone like that.
- Yeah. There we go.
Niko is struggling here.
- Just get out already.
- I can't.
- Come on.
- Now's not the time, Nolan.
- I left them alone for a while
and then we caught something
on one of our cameras.
- One of you-
- Oh no, oh no...
- has gotten out.
Who do you think it is?
- It's me!
- Someone go review his footage.
It was not, I got something
I need to show you.
Is that your hand?
- Maybe?
- Is that your hand?
- That is my hand.
- It was literally off, for
no joke, one singular frame.
- I gotta take my hand off?
- Well, I mean you can leave it on,
but you're not winning the jet, man.
Aw, guys.
- There was clear airspace. Wow.
Well played, guys.
- It is now down to George and Harry.
- I want you to check though.
- I'm going to check Harry.
- Can't believe I was
this close to win it.
Who do I think's gonna win?
I feel like-
- Who do you think's gonna win?
What do you mean?
How about here's who did win.
Don't tell 'em who it is.
Gentlemen. The challenge
is officially over.
- No, I know when it happened,
a minute before you came
out, it skipped over, no!
- Harry.
- No!
- I'm sorry man.
But you can go ahead and
take your finger off.
If you look right here.
See that finger?
- Mhm.
- It's not Harry's.
It's actually George's.
- No.
- Wait. You're trolling.
You actually trolled me.
- Yeah. Harry?
You just won!
- Yes! Come on!
Oh yeah!
- George, you were this close.
- What?
- But close doesn't matter.
Harry just won this jet!
- Yes!
- Oh, you're all so sweaty.
Congratulations. Who are
you giving the jet to?
My brother and my sister.
Let's go to them right now.
- Three, two, one.
- No no no no...
- I swear to God.
Subscribe to MrBeast. He's a legend.
Buy all his chocolate and stuff.
- Everything.
- And in case you're wondering
we're gonna offset all the carbon emitted
during the filming of
this video by tenfold.
And we're also gonna offset
any future carbon emitted
by the winner of this jet.